Added current evaluated `querystring` as a parameter in expander `querystring` key when it is a function (#7012)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/expanders.md

> The config accepts a list of matchers with the ability to filter by request path and action type, for maximum flexibility.
> It also accepts a `querystring` object that allows to configure the expandeders via querystring params (eg. the navigation expander).
> The `querystring` object accepts a querystring object or a function that returns a querystring object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config` accepts a list of matchers to filter by request path and action type for maximum flexibility.
It also accepts a `querystring` object that allows to configure the expanders via querystring parameters, for example, the navigation expander.
The `querystring` object accepts a querystring object or a function that returns a querystring object.
```
